The infamous rampage through
the outdoor
music festival
killed at least 260 partiers, at least.
Many are still missing, and the stories
keep coming out.
Sara Ben Sala barely survived.
He's shown here dancing with friends
just hours before the massacre.
And I spoke to him
from hospital in Tel Aviv.
And a warning to
his story is difficult to hear.
I want to make it clear.
First thing first,
it was at this festival
and we
and we did nothing to provoke them.
We just was dancing and having fun.
I can't.
I can forget the moment
that when I got in the festival
and I don't know anybody, anyone there,
it was something like 34,000 people.
And just got into the entrance and a
just a guy that I don't even know
then came to me
and start to hug me and bless him
for coming for the festival.
We had a small camp
next to us, the German
people from German, just tourist
who came all over the way from Berlin
or wherever they came,
and we made drinks together.
We had laugh.
It's just so much happiness.
What happened to you?
Tell me how you got wounded.
And I forget when I saw the story.
The first moment that we realized
that there is myself,
I was really come in first
because it's not the first time
to the same
missiles I was fighting in
there took it down.
And then I was doing.
I've been serving the army.
And then
then the start towards the missiles.
And one of the producers of the festival
just jumped on the fence
and screamed
that the terrorists are coming
and legs and legs
just they kind of landed
not there for myself.
And then the panic begin.
It was a big panic.
Everybody was jumping on the fence.
Everybody ran to their cars
and there was a lot of fire out there.
Just even in the biggest war thing
that we seen in the movie movies.
I can explain
almost how many bullets and missile
were flying around up,
not to the big mister like RPG
and everything was RPG all over.
I was fighting in the war.
Never seen so many RPG history.
And how did you get shot?
And Sahar, how did you get get shot?
The part of the story,
we tried to go to another place
and they turned us around again.
And then when
we saw a policeman
standing next to a shelter
and the look of us
and the policeman
look at us say,
there is no ID, there are,
they are all over the place.
Get inside the shelter.
It's the only way we got inside.
The shelters are suffering.
I remember 30 or 40 people,
but my friend say that was six
still living there, 50 or 60 people.
And we got inside.
The shattered was something like
two meters at all,
like just two meter square.
And we got inside
and then the shooting started
and the policeman tried to come down.
It's not a terrorist is the IDF.
But the shooting was on us.
I could see the shot.
I couldn't.
I can feel on the
on the stance of the soldier killed
at the bullets.
In this case, it's not IDF.
It's not IDF.
And then just look at us, say,
stay inside, pull out the gun.
And then it was a mass of shots
all over the place.
We can see in the intensive, the shelter,
a lot of bullets flying inside,
but they couldn't get us
because if they can turn left,
but because it was an entrance
and then left to the shelter,
a small something like.
So we made the saw.
It sounds
to me like you're
directed to take shelter,
but you were like a cornered animal
in this shelter because that's where the.
Shelter it wasn't.
It wasn't the shelter.
It was animal slaughter.
It's like they take
all the animals to one place
and shoot them all.
And then
the policeman got shot in the run away
and he killed one of the terrorists,
but got shot and thrown away.
I found him on soccer life and God,
the policeman
and one second, silly.
Then they
they dropped the first grenade
drop inside.
It was to explode in the entrance.
I'm sorry if it's too much to.
Take my life. Okay.
I need to tell about this.
Just a second, please. Thank you.
After the first
grenade of something like 45 seconds,
it dropped the second grenade
and they hit the wall, hit my head
and blow to the back of the rope
for the people of the people
in the back row and explode on their.
And then was it
something like a lot of smoke inside?
And they my friend, their friend,
they start to choke.
And she wanted to go out
and to
start to run away from the shelter.
We tried to catch her.
I remember
I wasn't the second of the people.
I tried to catch her with my hand
and it was sleeping and she tackle,
I think she tackled the terrorists
and the shutter
Then from the zero, from zero
point blank.
From point blank. Point blank
from point
blank and after, after each other.
Then it just got to the side.
I could never forget the face of it.
It was smiling at us.
It looks like the devil just looked at us
one point.
The gun,
the column,
the machine gun in front again, face.
And just to spread everything around
all the people.
I was in the second row,
all the people in the first
or in the second row shot dead.
I just opened my eyes and opened my mouth
and start to go down the world
because I got
I understood that I got hit.
But then in a state
where yet because it was blood
all over and screaming
and from all the adrenaline,
I got it it in my body.
But I can't really understand
what happened.
And I think his gun was broken that way.
Stopped the shot
and there was a third grenade
inside of the building,
but it didn't explode.
We found him on the floor.
We would you say with that
we don't don't touch it
so it wouldn't explode.
You know what, Sara?
I'm just pleased that you made it out.
What a complete and utter horror.
I wish it was all over in all the movie.
You can go outside somehow.
We then. And no joke.
I saw the kids that
the bodies full of bullets again,
that all all the body parts on the floor.
And she was calling to her boyfriend
and dead boyfriend
and start to kiss him until she got
she died by herself.
Wow. I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry for you.
I'm so happy that you survived.
And we wish you all the best.
And we thank you for this story,
because as you say,
it's important for people to hear
what happened.
Thank you very. Much. Thank you, sir.
Thank you.
Just really wanted to make it clear.
Just last think.
It wasn't the war.
It was a slider. Cicely.
It was a big slider
that didn't care about animals or people.
You didn't care
if you're a Jew, American,
a Christian, even not a muslim.
They killed even evil Muslims.
They killed
you didn't care about anything.
I was convinced.
My conversation
with Sahar in the hospital in Tel Aviv
is too difficult.